Updates to the Orleans Streaming overview page (#35255)
dotnet/docs: docs/orleans/streaming/index.md

1. Orleans streams *work uniformly across grains and Orleans clients*.

## Quick-start sample

The [Quick Start Sample](streams-quick-start.md) is a good quick overview of the overall workflow of using streams in the application. After reading it, you should read the [Streams Programming APIs](streams-programming-apis.md) to get a deeper understanding of the concepts.

## Stream providers

Streams can come via physical channels of various shapes and forms and can have different semantics. Orleans Streaming is designed to support this diversity via the concept of **Stream Providers**, which is an extensibility point in the system.

<!-- markdownlint-disable MD044 -->
:::zone target="docs" pivot="orleans-7-0"

Orleans provides several stream provider implementations:

- [Azure Event Hub stream provider](stream-providers.md#azure-event-hub-stream-provider)
- [Azure Queue (AQ) stream provider](stream-providers.md#azure-queue-aq-stream-provider)
- [Queue adapters](stream-providers.md#queue-adapters)

<!-- markdownlint-enable MD044 -->
:::zone-end

<!-- markdownlint-disable MD044 -->
:::zone target="docs" pivot="orleans-3-x"

> Orleans currently has implementations of two-stream providers: TCP-based **Simple Message Stream Provider** and Azure Queue-based **Azure Queue Stream Provider**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Orleans currently includes several provider implementations:
* **Simple Message** (SMS), which uses direct grain calls and no backing storage system,
* **Azure Queues**, which uses Azure Storage Queues to store messages, and
* **Azure EventHubs**, which uses Azure EventHubs
```

<!-- markdownlint-enable MD044 -->
:::zone-end

For more information, see [Stream Providers](stream-providers.md).

## Stream semantics

**Stream Subscription Semantics**:

Orleans Streams guarantee _Sequential Consistency_ for Stream Subscription operations. Specifically, when a consumer subscribes to a stream, once the `Task` representing the subscription operation was successfully resolved, the consumer will see all events that were generated after it has subscribed. In addition, Rewindable streams allow you to subscribe from an arbitrary point in time in the past by using <xref:Orleans.Streams.StreamSequenceToken>. For more information, see [Orleans stream providers](stream-providers.md).

**Individual Stream Events Delivery Guarantees**:

> Individual event delivery guarantees depend on individual stream providers. Some provide only best-effort at-most-once delivery (such as Simple Message Streams (SMS) in versions of Orleans before 7.0), while others provide at-least-once delivery (such as Azure Queue Streams). It is even possible to build a streaming provider that will guarantee exactly-once delivery.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Individual event delivery guarantees depend on individual stream providers. Some provide only best-effort at-most-once delivery (such as Simple Message Streams (SMS) in versions of Orleans before 7.0, thereafter known as [Broadcast Channel](broadcast-channel.md)), while others provide at-least-once delivery (such as Azure Queue Streams). It is even possible to build a streaming provider that will guarantee exactly-once delivery.
```
